ENH: compute functional connectivity (#184)
TheAxonLab/hcph-sops: docs/preprocessing/functional-connectivity.md

## Computing functional connectivity
First, make sure that the preprocessed fMRI data are available as `derivatives` in your dataset.
An example of data structure should be as follows:
```

> ├── derivatives

Reviewer: This is a very good idea :)

│   ├── fmriprep-23.1.4
│   │   ├── dataset_description.json
│   │   └── sub-pilot
│   │       ├── anat
│   │       ├── figures
│   │       └── ses-15
```

> Then, the functional connectvity matrices can be computed using the `compute_fc.py` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, the functional connectivity matrices can be computed using the `compute_fc.py` script.
```

> The easiest, default call of the script only needs a derivative dataset (usually from *fMRIPrep*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest call of the script only needs a derivative dataset (usually from *fMRIPrep*).
```

> Following the above data structure, it call would be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following the above data structure, it would be called as follows:
```

``` bash
python compute_fc.py path_to_dataset/derivatives/fmriprep-23.1.4
```

???+ info "Default call of the `compute_fc.py` script"
    When using the default options, the pipeline will (in this order and for all functional tasks):
    
    - [ ] Fetch the [DiFuMo](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2020.117126) atlas (64 dimensions)
    - [ ] Extract the region-wise averaged timeseries

>     - [ ] Interpolate high motion volumes (framewise displacement higher than 0.4 mm) with cubic spline interpolation

Reviewer: The default code does it interpolate or censor high motion volumes?

Author: The default will first interpolate volumes with high motion (to filter the whole timeserie) then (after most of the denoisng) censor the interpolated volumes (both in the timeseries and the confounds). This is according to nilearn's internal denoising processes (more details [here](https://nilearn.github.io/stable/modules/generated/nilearn.signal.clean.html#nilearn.signal.clean)).

>     - [ ] Apply a Low-pass butterworth filter (cutoff frequency of 0.15 Hz)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] Apply a low-pass butterworth filter (cutoff frequency of 0.15 Hz)
```

>     - [ ] Censor high motion volumes

Reviewer: What is the threshold you use for "high motion" ?

Also, I saw in your code that you have a DVARS threshold of 3 as well as `--n-scrub-frames` of 5 as default, I think it should be explicit here.

Author: True ! I wanted the threshold to only be set by framewise displacement (here with a 0.4 mm threshold) by putting a very high value for the DVARS threshold (likely >> 3). The `--n-scrub-frames` sets the minimum length of "uncensored" timeseries, meaning that shorter segments will be entirely discarded. I'll make it all clearer as well, thanks.

## Computing functional connectivity
First, make sure that the preprocessed fMRI data are available as `derivatives` in your dataset.
An example of data structure should be as follows:
```
├── derivatives
│   ├── fmriprep-23.1.4
│   │   ├── dataset_description.json
│   │   └── sub-pilot
│   │       ├── anat
│   │       ├── figures
│   │       └── ses-15
```

Then, the functional connectivity matrices can be computed using the `compute_fc.py` script.
The simplest call of the script only needs a derivative dataset (usually from *fMRIPrep*).
Following the above data structure, it would be called as follows:
``` bash
python compute_fc.py path_to_dataset/derivatives/fmriprep-23.1.4
```

???+ info "Default call of the `compute_fc.py` script"
    When using the default options, the pipeline will (in this order and for all functional tasks):
    

>     - [ ] Fetch the [DiFuMo](https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neuroimage.2020.117126) atlas (64 dimensions)

Reviewer 2: Can we use *TemplateFlow* for this?

Author: That would be an idea, I opened #212 to do that.
